Using built-in components with render and :is (#946)
vuejs/docs-next: src/guide/render-function.md

[`resolveDirective`](/api/global-api.html#resolvedirective) is the same function that templates use internally to resolve directives by name. That is only necessary if you don't already have direct access to the directive's definition object.

### Built-in Components

> The [built-in components](/api/built-in-components.html) `<keep-alive>`, `<transition>`, `<transition-group>`, and `<teleport>` are not registered globally be default. This allows bundlers to perform tree-shaking, so that the components are only included in the build if they are used. However, that also means we can't access them using `resolveComponent` or `resolveDynamicComponent`.

Reviewer: **suggestion**: Improve clarity of listing out specific built-in components rather than a possible misinterpretation of "all built-in component including"

**suggestion**: Typo correction from `be default` to `by default`

```suggestion
[Built-in components](/api/built-in-components.html) such as `<keep-alive>`, `<transition>`, `<transition-group>`, and `<teleport>` are not registered globally by default. This allows bundlers to perform tree-shaking, so that the components are only included in the build if they are used. However, that also means we can't access them using `resolveComponent` or `resolveDynamicComponent`.
```

> Templates have special handling for those components, automatically importing them when they are used. When we're writing our own `render` functions, we need to import them ourselves:

Reviewer: **props**: Great clarification here!
